# HODL-Franchise

I spend a lot of time thinking about Bitcoin’s ‘Third Space Problem’, which to me is the lack of public venues where one can experience and learn about Bitcoin. I think about this frequently because I recall my own experience as I began to learn. I spent many years researching online. I didn’t know a single person with whom I could talk - I had to rely on scattered conversations in mailing lists, dubious websites, and social media. While I was persistent in my search, most other people I mentioned it to were not. And while the process is still ongoing for me personally, I can’t help but to feel that my understanding would have been greatly accelerated if I could have developed relationships with other people who shared this passion early on. Eventually, of course, I did - but I recognize the fact that many people either don’t have the ability or the desire to form those kinds of relationships completely online. Additionally, the explosion in the adoption of Bitcoin has lead to a surge in the use of the Bitcoin software, as well as specialty devices intended for participation, like hardware wallets. However, use of this technology isn’t exactly intuitive, and many people find themselves unsure about how to proceed. This problem is intensified for people who are interested in using Bitcoin to conduct business or to administer other types of organizations. Thus, I feel there is a demand for the type of venue I describe below. I have chosen to describe the idea in a legal format, specifically as a Franchise Disclosure Document, in order to more clearly communicate my ideas and to allow anyone else to build upon this work and make it a reality. I have no intention of being the person who ultimately brings this idea to life, I just want to see it happen and this was the best way I could think to do it. Enjoy!

PS. Read the FDD first.
